SU violation:
In the following lines, we refer to the LH transition, but the FF behaves exactly in the same manner in the HL transition. Obviously, in that case the logic state of the signals is exactly the opposite (high signals are low and viceversa).
 First, we notice that CPI does not correspond to CK exactly, probably there is a buffer in front of the CK signal that generates CPI. This explains why CPN toggles faster than CPI. About the MN/M signals that compose the bistable circuit of the master, we notice that MN toggles as desired, while M reacts slowly and begins to toggle only when the master is already in the Memory phase. Since M is still low, it tends to raise MN. As a consequence, the bistable circuit returns to the previous state, where MN was high and M was low. SN, S and Q result almost unaffected by what has happened in the master

H violation:
Also in this case the analysis is done considering the LH transition only, the same behavior is present in the HL transition changing the the internal FF signals. The consideration about CPN and CPI are also the same as before. During the phase in which the clock is low the master try to follow input variations, in particular when the input signal is rising then M signal of the master start rising as well, between M and MN an inverter is present so the MN signal start decreasing. When the clock signal makes a 0 to 1 transition, then the master enters in memory phase while the slave enters in the evaluation phase. In this phase the MN signal need to be mantained by the feedback circuit, also the SN signal need to be charged. It becomes obvious that the charge present in M is not sufficient to complete the charge process, since M is decreasing MN will readapt M value accordigly making the condition worse for M signal, this will finally set the M signal to a low value, and SN signal will readapt accordingly to a high value. For what concerns the output it will start increasing when the M signal try to drive the slave, then it will readapt rapidly to the stable value of the master.
